New Rate Limit API (#3317)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/rate_limiting/crds/_index.md

  configuration in multiple places. This can be a significant source of configuration bloat, especially if your policies 
  are complex.
  
To address these shortcomings, we introduced a new custom resource.

### RateLimitConfig resources
Starting with Gloo Enterprise `v1.5.0-beta3` you can define you rate limits by creating `RateLimitConfig` resources. 
A `RateLimitConfig` resource represents a self-contained rate limit policy; this means that Gloo will use the resource 
to configure both the Envoy proxies and the Gloo Enterprise rate limit server they communicate with. 
Gloo guarantees that rate limit rules defined on different `RateLimitConfig` resources are completely independent of each other.

Here is a simple example of a `RateLimitConfig` resource:

```yaml
apiVersion: ratelimit.solo.io/v1alpha1
kind: RateLimitConfig
metadata:
  name: my-rate-limit-policy
  namespace: gloo-system
spec:
  raw:
    descriptors:
    - key: generic_key
      value: counter
      rateLimit:
        requestsPerUnit: 10
        unit: MINUTE
    rateLimits:
    - actions:
      - genericKey:
          descriptorValue: counters
```

> Once an `RateLimitConfig` is created, it can be used to enforce rate limits on your `Virtual Services` (or on the 

Reviewer: if we're going to use codeblock i think this should be
```suggestion
Once an `RateLimitConfig` is created, it can be used to enforce rate limits on your `VirtualService`s (or on the 
```

lower-level `Proxy` resources). You can do that be referencing the resource at two different levels:

- on **VirtualHosts** and
- on **Routes**,

The configuration format is the same in both cases. It must be specified under the relevant `options` attribute 
(on Virtual Hosts or Routes). This snippet shows an example configuration that uses the above `RateLimitConfig`:

```yaml
options:
  ratelimit:
    configRefs:
      refs:
      - name: my-rate-limit-policy
        namespace: gloo-system
```

`RateLimitConfigs` defined on a `VirtualHost` is inherited by all the `Routes` that belong to that `VirtualHost`, 
unless a route itself references its own `RateLimitConfigs`.

#### Configuration format
Each `RateLimitConfig` is an instance of one specific configuration type. Currently, only the `raw` configuration type 

> is implemented, but we are planning on adding more high-level configuration formats to support specific use cases.

Reviewer: any example use cases we had in mind we could share here? to give the user an idea of what else might be doable

The `raw` configuration allows you to specify rate limit policies using the raw configuration formats used by the 
server and the client (Envoy). It consists of two elements:

- a list of `descriptors`, and
- a list of `rateLimits`.

These two objects have the exact some format as the `descriptors` and `ratelimits` that are explained in detail in the 
[Envoy API guide]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/security/rate_limiting/envoy/" %}}). 

### Example
Let's run through an example that uses `RateLimitConfig` resources to enforce rate limit policies on your `Virtual Services`. 
As mentioned earlier, all the examples that are listed in the [Envoy API guide]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/security/rate_limiting/envoy/" %}}) 
apply to `RateLimitConfigs` as well, so please be sure to check them out.

#### Initial setup
We'll start installing Gloo Enterprise. You can run the installation either via `helm` or via `gloooctl`:

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab name="helm" %}}

Reviewer: helm2 tab?

Reviewer: or just link to our glooe install docs here instead
